[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are talking with Ricardo
Gonzalez, a researcher
and a author from Peru,
who has experienced multiple
direct contacts with
an extraterrestrial species
called the Apunians.
Ricardo, welcome.
Ricardo, why don't you tell us
a little bit about yourself,
since you're new to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> I consider that the
contact experiences are linked
to our opening awareness
of our true nature.
And these experiences
are revealing
that we indeed have a lot
to learn about our history.
In my own experience of
contact, which began in Peru,
I started to learn
this step by step,
that there was a history
that linked us to entities
that were not human.
And to the extent that
us humans become aware
of this cosmic link,
of this history,
we will become more free.
>> You've had multiple
direct contacts with
extraterrestrials.
And you've talked about
this in your books.
I've watched a
couple of your shows.
Well, tell us about that.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Along these years, I've had
contact that is physical with
these ETs.
And these ETs had
a human aspect,
when I first became
aware of them
and had contact in my country.
I have talked about this
many times in interviews
in my books, but
the emotion that
surrounds this type of contact
is extraordinary and always
there.
It began in my infancy, first,
as I saw anomalies in the sky.
And at that time, it had
no real importance to me,
because I didn't know
what it was about.
Then, the sightings
returned, when
I was a teenager, an
adolescent, in around 1988.
>> Was this in Peru?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> This happened in Peru.
This is where it all began.
At that time, the
media in Peru began
to speak about a wave of
sightings that had occurred.
And this coincided
with what I had seen.
And so then, gradually, I began
to investigate the phenomena,
until it peaked in my
own physical contact
with these beings.
It was a very difficult
process for me,
because I had to let
go of many things.
I lost my job and I was fired,
because I went on television
to speak about my experience.
Then, I had to leave
the career that I
had gone to school for, which
was business administration
and marketing.
And I decided to take
this on full time.
As I said, the year
1988 was very important.
However, I did not
meet these beings
physically until the year 1997.
That time, I was 23
years old and the contact
happened at a desert that is
south of the city of Lima.
>> Which desert is that?
>> The name of the
desert is Chilca.
It is about 60 kilometers
south of the capital.
It's a place that has a
history of a lot of sightings,
old history of many
sightings there.
In my investigation of this
special region of Peru,
it was an old route
that connected the Andes
with the Pachacamac oracle.
And the oracle, Pachacamac,
was the most important Oracle
for the Incas in the coastline.
And many of the sacred roads
that came down from the Incas,
from the mountains, went
through this desert.
So I was called to this place.
And that was the first time
that I saw one of these beings.
>> Can you tell us a
little bit more about that?
>> The entity that called
me there telepathically,
his name was [? Anterelle. ?]
And he showed up at the desert
at the same time that
he had asked me to come.
And previous to him showing
up, we had all their sightings
in that same place that were
seen by other people that
were there with me that night.
>> I am so aware of
this, as you know,
because I've done these types
of contact work all around
the world as well.
And it is something
that we teach
the students and
everyone, that there
should be someone, part of the
team, that has some experience
and already has been contacted.
And it's not that we're
better than anyone.
It's not like that,
because anyone can do it.
But there is a collective
consciousness, like you said,
of a team leader that,
when that energy,
and I'm talking about
telepathy and the downloads
that you have with
the communication,
actually is transdimensionally
sent to the people that
are with you.
Is this correct?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> There's this type of a
collective communion between
the witnesses, where our minds
are not just a passive witness,
but it also interacts
with their mind.
I understood this when the
ET started talking to us
about a needed preparation.
It's a preparation that is based
on mind techniques, control
techniques.
It's a means of trying to manage
our fears against the unknown.
But including somebody
with military training
could understand that there
is no training that can really
prepare you for
unexpected things.
And that is the
contact with ETs.
>> Could you also explain to the
viewers when the contact that
you make and you walk out away
from the group and you start
the contact and then you
come back to the group,
does the group ever talk to
you about, all of a sudden,
they are visualizing what
you have experienced or maybe
having some sort of
activation in their--
you can call it Kundalini
chakras, astral,
etherical bodies.
Have they explained
anything like this?
Because it's transformative.
It's a transformation
when you bring people out
under the stars and that's
part of the education
that you're doing.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> It's a very interesting
question that you've asked me.
I remember that during that
first contact in the desert,
he was a humanoid,
with Nordic appearance,
and had a very
tight fitting suit.
And it was actually a
brief contact with him,
because I was having a really
hard time managing my emotions.
When I returned
to that base camp,
where my other people
were, I felt like something
about that being
had stayed with me,
just because of the close
proximity that I had with him.
But it wasn't just a mental
issue, because of the shock.
I felt that there
was something that
was very subtle, but
physical, was surrounding me.
And it has happened to
me during other occasions
that, when I would come
back to the other witnesses
after contact, people have
hugged me and welcomed me back
and they said that I
felt very different.
They said that they could feel
an extreme static on my body.
And somebody even said that they
could see some type of sparks
around my
electromagnetic system.
On one occasion,
my own wife did not
recognize me when I came back.
>> Do you believe
it has to do with--
through my experience,
the vibration, sometimes,
of these extraterrestrials is so
high that we cannot handle all
of it, but like a magnet, we
take some of that magnetism
with us.
And it gets transferred,
sometimes for life,
or sometimes just
for that night.
So why do you think that is?
What is the activation
that comes with us?
Is it genetic?
Is it DNA?
Is it the crystalline
structure of us, of who we are?
Because when you
come back, I would
like to say that, when I
come back, I am you now.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> I understand
what you're saying.
Because we actually have been
investigating the subtle impact
after contact.
They actually
themselves recommended
that we research ancient
historical knowledge
about energy and this planet.
At the beginning, I recognize
I didn't understand.
I felt like it was
something too mystical
that was related to the actual
physical contact with them.
But I was wrong.
So I started to
investigate old traditions,
ancient and oriental
traditions about the body
and electromagnetic system
that, today, has had a very
important scientific basis.
I began to understand that
these beings were inviting
us to prepare for
this type of contact,
because the frequency of
their vibrations, as you said,
does vibrate with
more intensity.
And it's a lot like trying to
connect an appliance that you
bought in the United States
where the voltage is 110
and you're trying to
plug it into my country,
in Peru, where the
voltage is 220.
>> Boom.
>> You you need a transformer.
So in this example,
that transformer
would be preparation
and consciousness.
And the contact
would, obviously,
be affecting you and your DNA,
mentally and vibrationally.
>> One time, someone told
me that you are a step down
transformer.
And you just
mentioned transformer.
Now, I believe that you are
one of these stepped down
transformers to accept
a lot of information,
process that information,
and give it to the public.
Would you agree?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> I agree with that.
And I do also agree
with the importance
of having respect as a protocol
with this type of contact.
I've been able to invite many
journalists of the phenomena
to my pre-programmed contact.
I've done it many
times, including
well-known journalists and
investigators in this country.
And at a designated place
and a designated time,
they have shown up in
front of these journalists.
And this actually created
a certain confusion
for other investigators that
would call me and ask, well,
when are you going to invite
me, so that I can see the UFOs?
Like if this was entertainment.
In 27 years of
contact, I have only
been able to invite
journalists 8 times.
Some of these
meetings have actually
been recorded with
very interesting video.
But to the skeptics, it's like
nothing at all ever happened.
That's why, for me,
what is most important
is the actual information
and the message.
>> Ricardo, who
are the Aupunians?
And where does that
name come from?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> These entities, that
we call the Apunians,
have their origin in Peru.
And what I'm referring
to is that some
of the oldest cases
involving them
have happened in my country.
In the 1950s, the
farmers and the shepherds
that lived in the Andes
had contact with them.
The shepherds called
the mountains apus,
which is a word that is in the
ancient language of the Incas.
Apu is the protector
spirit of the mountains.
And since these ETs do
have their base on Earth,
in the Andes, when they would
appear before the shepherds
and farmers, they would speak
to them in their own language,
in quechua.
They would say, we come from
the apus, from the mountains.
That's why we call them
the Apunianos or Apunians,
but also for another reason
that's no less important.
These beings affirm
that they do have
established colonies on other
planets in Alpha Centauri.
And one of their planets
that they did colonize,
a rocky planet, that
they called Apu,
according to the old
traditions of Peru,
which indicates that these
beings know very well
the history of Earth
and are linked to it.
>> How long do you think
the Apunians have been here?
And what do they look like?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> According to the
information that I have,
they have participated with
us for thousands of years,
maybe around 6,000 years,
according to the information
that they've transmitted.
However, other groups
of ETs have, of course,
visited way before then.
>> How did they
get here, Ricardo?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> They came here as part
of a scientific study.
They got here based on a
technology that they've been
able to shortcut distances.
The technology they have
allows them to sort of wrinkle
or fold space time
into itself to be
able to get here to our planet.
It's not that they traveled
in a straight line,
the four light years
away that separates
the Earth from Alpha Centauri,
what is very interesting
is that they left
tomorrow from their worlds
and arrived yesterday here.
A part of their
scientific study is based
on the mountains of the Earth.
Because according to
the knowledge that they
have transmitted to us, the
mountains, and their mountain
tops, because the water that is
found there, according to them,
is very important to the Earth
and throughout the universe.
This type of study
allows them to gauge
the health of this planet and
the processes of the Earth,
something that is very
important to them,
because our world is
like a university.
And our species is in
school in this university.
And everything that
humans achieve and learn
in this planet will affect
them in one way or another,
because we are connected
by a solidarity,
a chain of evolution.
>> Do they look like us?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> They do look a lot like us.
They have a lot of
human appearances
and characteristics.
They have eyes, ears, mouth,
nose, their characteristics,
I described, as
Nordic, because they
remind me a lot of a
Scandinavian person or a person
from Norway.
They have hair, both the males
in the females that we've seen.
Their hair is very light,
almost like the hair
of an albino person.
And the men, as
well as the women,
have their hair fairly long.
It falls onto their shoulders.
Their eyes are pretty light.
They're beautiful.
And they are also very tall,
with different heights.
A variety from two meters
to three meters of height,
their build is very
athletic, very symmetrical.
They have a very beautiful
and special appearance
that if I had seen them
3,000 years ago on Mt.
Sinai, I would have
called them angels.
>> What do you
know, if anything,
about the origins
of their culture?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> We can say that they are the
result of a lot of different
processes.
Life on Earth is not the
product of a coincidence.
God does not play
dice with the world.
There are other
intermediate hierarchies
that played a part in
the creation of Earth.
I know that it can sound
very complex for me
to use the word hierarchy.
So it could maybe be
deemed something religious.
But whoever's seeing
the show right now
should understand just the way
that we humans are organized
with these different
functions, they also are.
And there's a group
of these beings
that we know of as
the seeders of life,
that, on our planet,
a long time ago, they
helped nature and the process
of evolution to accelerate.
>> Are we have some part
of Apunian in ourselves?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> They've been very close
to humanity and our process
of evolution, because we
are linked, as I said.
Because we are them
and they are us.
And our reality in this
planet that we call 3D
is just the tip of the iceberg.
There are many other
worlds coexisting
with this one, other
humanities coexisting
with this one whose
destiny and luck
has not been the same as ours.
And everything right now
is interlacing and uniting.
And the luck of one
of these humanities
could deeply affect
the luck of the other.
This is something that has
been really hard for me
to understand or put into words.
The mission of planet
Earth is a school planet.
The fact that other
beings have participated
in the seeding of life and
our continued evolution,
it's not a whim.
It's a plan.
>> Ricardo, when you said
we are them and they are us,
could you elaborate a
little bit more on that?
In what way?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> There are different ways
to interpret that phrase.
In one way, I could
speak about genetics.
Because if they seeded life
here, what did they seed?
Maybe we are their descendants.
We could be part of a
family that we don't even
know in the universe.
But if we go a
little further from
the genetic interpretations
of our descendancy,
we could feel that we are
something that is bigger
than just bones and flesh.
And that, perhaps before we
lived as humans here on Earth,
we knew these beings,
that we forgot all of this
before we came here to Earth.
When we are attempting
to have contact
with beings from
other realities,
we're just trying to remember.
And if this wasn't
enough, there's
an additional interpretation.
What would happen
if I said that some
of the beings that have contact
with us are us in the future?
>> I truly believe that.
And that's one of the things
I talk to everyone about,
is that we are forever and they
are interested in us, the ETs.
We are very important.
We are the superheroes
of the universe.
And they were once us.
And that's why they're
here making sure
we don't destroy the
planet and kill each other.
And part of that, they
have a lot of compassion.
Because I believe, with all the
stuff going on in the media,
and all the fear based
things, I love it
that you're against all
that, because it does not
serve to worry and have the fear
of what's going on out there.
But to be aware of what's going
on is very important to me.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Would you consider that it
is this coincidence that these
beings are coming
from Alpha Centauri?
That they're giving us warnings
about changing certain things
that might occur in our future?
That they've told us that it
is possible that, at some point
in time, humanity would
travel to Alpha Centauri
and, therefore, converting
our descendants into ETs
in the cosmos, and that
after all these messages
that we've shared about
what they've told us,
Stephen Hawking gave a
conference here in the United
States and said
that we might have
to migrate to Alpha Centauri.
That is said in so
many documentaries,
that we might have
only 100 years to be
able to accomplish this.
The most important
scientists in the world
gave a conference in New York
saying exactly the same thing
as these ETs have
told us prior to that.
I think that we have
to pay attention
to the real secret
space program, that
is not the moon or Mars.
It's Alpha Centauri.
>> What would you say to me if
I said, that already happened,
and we're here now,
just fulfilling that?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> It is so complex to talk
about what is happening now
and what could happen to
the future of this planet.
It's really curious.
But all of the sacred tribes of
this planet, the most important
civilizations that have
developed in this world,
they spoke about cycles that
would repeat themselves,
cycles of change and
sometimes destruction
and cycles of destruction
that coincided
when humanity had lost their
morality with the Earth.
>> We've been casted off
before, our civilizations,
for many of these reasons.
And we're facing it
again in this cycle.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> We are facing another
cycle of change, a great test.
However, these beings did
give us a message of hope.
They say that because
of all the tests
that humanity and the
planet are facing now,
that there's still more
good than bad in the world,
but the things that
we call negative
just have more publicity.
But if a certain
percentage of the species
raised consciousness and
changed their conduct,
we could change happenings
in this very timeline that
would affect other timelines.
In another interview, I spoke
about a story in the Bible
that I found to be
very interesting, which
says that everything that
is done or undone on Earth
will be done or
undone in the heavens.
All of the religions
of the ancient world
says that the destiny
of the human being
is not disconnected to
that of the universe.
That's why these beings observe
us as a part of this project.
And they also do not intervene
directly in our issues,
because that would ruin it.
>> The Apunians that are
in the three dimensional,
that you have actually seen, why
are they reaching out to you?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> They've given me instructions
for physical contact.
So as I said at the
beginning, these meetings
were actually just telepathic.
They suggested a preparation
based on mental education
and concentration.
It included my nutrition,
a healthy lifestyle.
When they felt that I was ready
to have contact with them,
they gave me a
place, a coordinate,
that I could meet
them face to face.
I've seen them face to
face only eight times.
And the rest of the
contact has been
via ways that are nonphysical.
>> How many other people have
the ability to meet them?
Or are you the only one
that you're aware of?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Obviously, I am not the
only person that has been able
to have contact
with these beings.
I am one of many
witnesses that says
that they have seen them
physically in the world
and in Peru, of course.
But yes, I do definitely
follow a protocol of contact.
And this protocol
has actually been
present in the contact
phenomenon for many decades,
way before J. Allen Hynek talked
about the different categories
of contact.
>> So what is the purpose
of these beings on Earth?
I mean, why are
they coming here?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> According to our
experiences in Peru,
and our investigations
relating to this,
these beings have multiple
purposes while here on Earth,
because it's not correct to
say that they are visiting us,
because they're already
living among us.
One other purpose of
coexistence with us
is to learn from our culture.
They do have the capacity
to mutate and infiltrate
themselves among us, just
like an anthropologist would
integrate him or herself
within the people of the jungle
to learn about them.
The learning regarding
human culture,
for them, is important,
so that they can modify
their own certain behaviors.
>> Is it important for them
to do this for the future
of the human existence?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> It is important, obviously,
for the future of humans
on Earth, but also for the
education and advancement
of these beings.
Because according to
an extraordinary story
they told us, apparently
there were some ancient ET
civilizations that had had a
lot of technological progress.
What happened is
that some of them
started to lose touch with
their own sensibilities,
their emotions.
Modern humans remind
them a great deal
of that ancient civilization.
>> Do you believe,
on the Apunian basis,
that they're sharing that with
other species or is it just
the Apunians?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> There are different bases for
these beings that are operating
on Earth.
The group that I'm
describing, the Apunians,
have very important work
in the Andes mountains,
as well as other mountainous
regions on Earth.
>> Where at?
What other mountainous regions?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Aside from the
Andes Mountains,
I could mention the
Himalayan Mountains.
I could also speak
about the mountain range
in between France and Spain
called the Pyrenees Mountains.
Here in the United
States, in particular,
we have had very close
contact with these beings
that we call the Apunians in Mt.
Shasta.
This is a part of the protocol
that we term neutral zones.
For example, if a North
American was traveling to India
and loses his or
her passport, they
would need to go to the embassy
to try to correct this issue.
When this North American
enters that embassy in India,
in what country is he or she in?
When these beings invite
you by mutual will to one
of the places of contact,
and the witness accepts,
they are in a neutral zone.
It is a type of diplomatic place
of contact, where they are not
transgressing our free
will, because they
have a certain
participation in that zone
and you're willing to go there.
Again, I'm speaking only
about the positive beings that
are respectful to humanity.
>> Is Peru like the main central
hub for all the other bases?
Or is it just
another neutral zone?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Peru is not the main base
that exists in the world.
However, in this
case, of the Apunians,
it does constitute one
of the main centers
of their operations
in the north of Peru.
There, you will find the highest
mountain of the Andes of Peru
that is known with
the name of Huascaran.
It is an area that has a long
tradition of UFO sightings.
Some people wonder
why they decided
to have their main center
of operations in that place.
They might say, oh, of course,
because you're Peruvian,
you think the main
base is there.
No.
It has nothing to do with that.
>> It's because
it's so beautiful.
I would too.
>> Thank you.
>> While in the projects, I've
seen some interesting maps.
Of course, we have
ley lines and GPS
coordinates, you
know, around the Earth
that science has developed.
But I also saw another
map, incremental of height
around the planet.
Are there like ley
lines or energy areas
around the planet that is a map
for these extraterrestrials,
including these high mountain
ranges and elevations?
>> Yes.
It has to do with what
you were talking about.
>> Wow.
>> So I'm going to add
a very important point.
>> I've never spoke about this.
So I'm so happy you're
going to talk about it.
>> Thank you.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Scientists of Earth made a
real incredible find by using
supercomputers.
They were able to measure
thousands of points
throughout the whole world.
And they found the
zone in the world
that is the point with the
least gravitational pull
on the planet.
And that place is Huascaran.
Therefore, it is for
a technical reason
that they did find that place.
We humans measure the
altitude of a mountain
from ocean to the peak.
For example, Mt.
Everest would be
the highest mountain
using that measurement.
But that is a measurement of
the mountain from the center
of the Earth to the peak.
Based on that
perspective, Huascaran
is a lot higher than Mt.
Everest.
Actually, in these
days, in our times,
Huascaran has actually
lost part of its height
due to avalanches
and earthquakes.
And at this time, it is
the second highest mountain
in the world.
It yielded its placement
to a volcano in Ecuador
called Chimborazo, where
there is also a base.
They say that the peaks that
are farther away from the center
of the planet allows them
to do an investigative study
of the health of the
planet and the connection
with the climate changes
that are happening
and how it could affect
human beings in the future.
>> They used to say that these
points are the thermometer
of the planet, where we
can do a lot of testing,
because it's the only
accurate way to actually see
what's going on.
Now, it makes total sense.
Thank you for that.
You spoke about the Apunians
and like their ability
to infiltrate the human society.
Can you describe like how
does that actually take place?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> I don't know.
I'm not so sure how they're
able to infiltrate and fit right
in with us.
But they can do it.
>> Is it possible they could
be walk-ins or maybe using some
sort of mind control or
switching consciousness?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> It's actually something
that is much more credible
and simple that we
can really understand.
You could actually find
one of them at Starbucks.
It's possible that
they have some type
of holographic or
mental technology.
But honestly, I'm not
so sure how they do it.
But not only do the Apunians
do it in these times,
they have done it with other
contactees for decades.
I could cite two more
cases if you'd like.
>> Please.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> One with the
controversial George Adamski,
whose experience did not
only occur in the desert
of California, but who had
also apparently met with
the supposed ETs in
a ranch in Mexico.
They were dressed as humans.
This was confirmed to me by
Glenn Steckling, the president
of the Adamski Foundation.
Another case that is
very famous in UFO-logy
is that of a Costa Rican
man, Enrique Castillo-Rincon.
He was a
telecommunications engineer
and he says that he
met a Swiss-looking man
in Caracas, Venezuela at a
ticket booth of a theater.
And then, later met
him again in some type
of extraterrestrial contact that
happened at a lake in Colombia.
Eventually, he was
invited onto a craft
by this same Swiss-looking man.
This experience became
widely known in the 1970s.
Castillo-Rincon actually
came to the United States
and was studied
in Washington DC.
He was given truth serum.
And the people
studying him confirmed
that he was not lying.
People such as J. Allen
Hynek and Jacques Vallee
have studied this case as well.
There are many
cases of witnesses
that have met with
ETs that infiltrated
our society while wearing
just a shirt and blue jeans.
>> Ricardo, do you believe
that the Apunians are actually
living with other
humans and interacting?
You said something about
they could be at a Starbucks.
Are they just looking from afar?
Or are they actually really
cohabitating with us?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> What they're trying to
do is to coexist with us,
but in silence.
When I gave the example
of the coffee shop,
I'm just illustrating
what they're able to do.
But they are actually
quite discrete
with their participation.
Actually, not even the
witnesses of contacts
can sometimes identify them.
It isn't until there
is a further meeting
in another type of surrounding,
that's human or otherwise.
And when the contact
is over, perhaps you
never see them again.
>> Where do you see their
mission heading into the future
with us?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> Their mission, aside
from coexisting with us,
to learn from us, is to
warn us about the future.
Because as I
mentioned, our destiny
is linked to many other
creatures in this universe.
They consider that human
beings hold a key, a potential
that not even they have.
It's a potential that
human beings have not yet
completely discovered
and that we can only
awaken based on good behavior
and coexistence among us.
This is why they're
wanting to warn us
about the importance of
our treatment of each other
and our treatment of the
planet, because we could
be risking our own survival.
>> Will they ever intervene
if there's going to be a major
catastrophe of half of the
planet being destroyed or half
of the population
being destroyed?
Or are they just going to leave?
>> There is a mixture of factors
that could occur in the future.
In one way, one factor
is what the human being
would do to himself
on the planet,
contamination of the world,
misuse of technology,
overpopulation, and
poor administration
of our resources.
A negative distribution of
the resources to humans,
poor sensibility to other
inhabitants of this planet,
and not just humans, but
animals and vegetation,
all of our progress is based
on accumulating more wealth.
We have technology
that communicates more,
that makes us less sensitive.
All of this begins
to become a mixture.
And it's making us into zombies.
So there is one danger.
The other risk that
they warn us about
is that we are too
distracted by conflicts.
We will not be united as we
might face threats from space.
And I'm not talking about an
invasion like the Hollywood
movie regarding ETs.
I'm talking about
impacts from asteroids.
Any person that is
halfway informed
knows that in these
last years, a lot
of space agencies from Earth are
developing multimillion dollar
projects to be able to identify,
destroy, or detour celestial
bodies that could
possibly impact us.
According to the Apunians,
this type of threat is real.
If all of these
things were to happen,
our coexistence and
ability to survive on Earth
would be impossible.
Then, the ones that
could escape the planet
would be able to do
so with new technology
and with a destiny that would
be appropriate to travel
to Alpha Centauri.
The scientists of Earth have
already considered this.
We've spoken about this.
It's the secret space program
towards Alpha Centauri.
And the ETs say that there's
nothing wrong with human beings
exploring the cosmos and
even colonizing other worlds.
The problem is to abandon this
world in an emergency state,
because then we've
learned nothing.
We didn't do things
in the right way,
but I do believe
that there is still
time to be able to
change our destiny.
>> When do you think you'll
meet the Apunians again?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH].
>> I believe that they decided
to have further contact with me
for a very powerful reason
and not because I'm a special
person or even a chosen person.
But I do believe that they
felt that I would continue
to move forward, that I
would be willing to be
a communicator of
these experiences.
Because while it is true, that
these beings have contacted
people that have
a lot of authority
in military or in their jobs,
these groups of people that we
call those of high
credibility, they
tend to not talk about
these experiences.
And the ETs say that
the common witnesses
will reach the common people.
And it is the common people
that have always made
the huge changes in the planet.
I'm just a common
person that talks
about an extraordinary
experience.
And the people that are
now listening or watching
that possibly know these things
or have had their own contact,
will hopefully feel less
alone as they listen to me.
>> I agree, Ricardo.
I believe it's going to be the
lay person around the planet,
not some government
agency or military,
because they're so restricted
on what they can do.
But we are not.
We are free to go amongst the
planet and amongst the stars
and to make contact
by our own free will.
Ricardo, thank you
for being on the show.
It's been a fascinating
account of your story.
>> Thank you so much,
Emery, for this interview.
>> My name's Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.